docs: remove addTags method (#698)
elastic/apm-agent-rum-js: docs/agent-api.asciidoc

* `name` - Any string. All periods (.), asterisks (*), and double quotation marks (") will be replaced by underscores (_), as those characters have special meaning in Elasticsearch

* `value` - Any string, boolean or number. If a data type other than the previously mentioned types

>  is given, it's converted to a string before being sent to the APM Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `value` - Any string, boolean, or number. All other data types will be converted to a string
before being sent to the APM Server.
```
